Cache/FastMemoryCache version 0.01
==================================

Cache::FastMemoryCache is an in-memory cache, implemented as
an extension to the excellent Cache::Cache suite. All cached
items are stored per-process. The cache does not persist
after the process dies.  It is the fastest of all the
Cache::* types because it does not perform deep copying of
data. 

Here's how to decide whether to use MemoryCache or
FastMemoryCache:
    
    If you just need a memory cache, then use
    FastMemoryCache.

    If you need the ability to swap-in other cache types
    (FileCache, etc.), then use MemoryCache, which is
    consistent with the rest of the cache types, due to deep
    copying.


INSTALLATION

To install this module type the following:

   perl Makefile.PL
   make
   make test
   make install

DEPENDENCIES

This module requires these other modules and libraries:

  Cache::Cache
  Cache::MemoryCache

COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

Copyright (C) 2003 John Millaway 

This Software may distribute under the terms of the MIT
License, given below:

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the
Software without restriction, including without limitation
the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall
be included in all copies or substantial portions of the
Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS
OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

